Hello such friends youtube here I
is talking about moves me and in this video
I come to teach you how I had it
promised in the previous video of
some who saw it how to win
easy and simple money fast and 100%
they pay you good first thing you have
What to do is enter the link that
will work the description that is this
inside
will take to this page what
they have to do is if they do not understand anything
Well, you can translate it
first they register
in any name
a password
payment to send or be you corn
good
after registering you have to go to
your being see your soul and a
message where will it come from this page
where will he tell you to confirm his only
confirm and register when you register
they will not send you to this page anymore
You can translate it
Then what to make money with
easy you have to do this to one thing
very important to register
they give you 10 dollars for a person who
visit be these two pages
they give you a dollar and to be able to
they pay are 25 dollars which you have to
get it to paid visits by
visit a dollar
I have 14 visits and they are 17 euros
dollars that came then you copies
this copies it and member you are going to
publish here on skype you publish us
can post on twitter in all
parties but less on the facebook I do not know
why in the face does not leave but
I 'm going to do the test in face not to
let in
you send the mail and they do not accept you
then I will send it here
then the link published it I get this
where can you post this because it has
a blocked link because here it has
blocked and here he says
link to see the face is the same
copy and paste and nothing will come out
with neither of the two you can not face
you can in twitter through videos
everywhere but the facebook broadcasts
when I wear I like it is not the mistake
because this page with the face is very
blocked or do not leave anything you can
publish through games of any
thing where people can visit you and
Easy one visit that reach
see people
within speech and that although with a
theme is sent by this page with only
it will charge to this page
you will receive a dollar and they will give you one
visit two visits three visits well
until he completes in the 30 visits that
it's 25 dollars
that are the minimum that you have to
remove
you will wonder about how melted to
where can I withdraw the Gaul who pays me
then you go part hotmail
in 3
super in a moment
by train and around here I will not know if I
I will still have it here
a payment
you register 20 then a game of the
career
He directed email with twitter
he also went pipe welcome to paypal
light where he will record you
also when you want to register when
you register you are going to leave here in this
your console name enter this they know
what are you and every time they go to
pay every 30 days
this payment is returned they do it every 30
days
the first of December they pay you the
31 at the end of each month they will pay you
this when they pay you here you will leave
you have paid me no I do not
I can show because I have not yet
paid I have not been paid but I know that a
friend is using it was that
first it happened and he because he was already paid
$ 30 could already buy many
games and has been able to withdraw the silver
Then when they pay you, you'll go out there
there when from among you will leave here
account you want to send the pipe to
any link that is with this
good income that was all for today
friends until the next
in the other video then I'll make another one of bread
by fan that is also to earn money
and I hope they subscribe to God